Since you...
You are the only person I have...
I'm sorry!  This is stupid.
I don't talk like that.
No. it's okay.
I feel like I'm falling apart.
I think of you all the time. Nikki.
When I try not to.
You are in every song I listen to.
You were the only person who
was nice to me when I moved here.
And at first I thought maybe you...
Okay. I understand who you are.
And you were the one who
called me after Nana died.
Even when I have nothing
to say and we just sit there.
So I keep telling myself.
don't tell him. he's too nice.
And it... You will lose it.
But maybe you should know...
That I would choose you over anything else.
Great.
No. wait.
Okay. that was very timid...
Oh my God. I knew it.
I am really sad.
I thought it was sweet.
No. I won't do that again. man.
It was so embarrassing.
Yes. it drives me crazy...
It drives me crazy...
You told me to pour out my heart.
Do you know how vulnerable I am?
I underestimated you.
What if you bought her something nice?
No. don't buy him anything.
Dude. you need to be less...
less pretentious with Nikki. okay?
He doesn't like this nonsense.
Doesn't like.
Flowers or a candy he says he likes.
Ok.
Thank you.
What?
Do you want me to go?
If you want.
I'm sorry I made you do this.
No. it's okay.
You are fine.
Oh my god man. that was so embarrassing.
Can we meet you?
Thank God I made it.
This was very bad.
Thank you for this.
Have you ever actually flirted with Nikki?
Inviting romance.
Invite romance?
Seduce with it.
Being jokingly rude.
Treat him badly.
Playfully yes. but
talk about freaky Nikki.
You want me to call her freakin' Nikki?
You know you're sensitive about this.
Do you remember being bullied and
everyone calling you a freak. Nikki?
He'd be like. oh my god.
You know. Bear. that
was a long time ago.
No. please.
And I mean. this is going to take his breath away.
Say it this way;  Nikki. I think
we should grab a drink sometime.
Yes. let's have a drink sometime.
He always invites you.
I asked you not to come
to the Quiz for one night.
You can't ask her out there. Bear...
I won't let you.
This is a good. organic time to ask.
I love competition night.
It's all I have.
Every Wednesday I wake
up. shaken thinking about Quiz.
Don't worry about us.
You can't turn our weekly friendship and skills
meeting into a 7 year overdue thrombosis. Bear.
So when will I ask?
Another time.
All you have is time.
If it's that important to you.
and I know it is. just wait.
Do it at the right time.
Ok.
Hey. I'll wait.
I will do it right.
Say it with me now.
All you have is time.
Sandy?
No.
No. no. no. no.
Oh. no. no.
No. no.
Damn it.
How did you get into these?
From where?
Hey.
Wow. you are so lucky.
Tay was very busy.
I needed a good day off.
Oh yes.
You know it is.
What time will you come tonight?
I want to secure the place early.
Ah.
I...
Actually. I don't think
I can make it tonight.
Bear. no.
We need your brain.
This week we need
to beat the Joke Tags.
Well. so...
I...
I don't think I can do it tonight.
I'm trying to set up some things...
I was going to tell you something.
What?
So should I say it now?
Yes.
What?
Yes. I'm bringing my two girlfriends.
Really?
How come?
I don't know.
Yeah. we're running
out of time there. so...
You may want to put aside the
things you've been working on.
You are right.
Tonight is that night.
Shit!
Damn!
Are you ok?
No. I dropped my crystal
necklace in the drain.
Damn it.
I am sad.
Why would he say that?
Hey. we're closing soon. let
me know if you need anything.
Ok.
Thank you.
Yes I know.
Ryan was saying this
too. so I'm not the only one.
I know.
Hey. I'm sorry. I need help.
Do you have a crystal necklace?
Yes. there is. let me show you.
No. honestly. because that's
what I've been saying before.
Like what?
What are you talking about?
Oh my god. this is so crazy.
What?
No.
Wait a second.
This is what we have.
Yes. each stone has its
own energy. so amethyst is for
calmness and clarity. while
rose quartz attracts love and dirt.
Something with good energy.
For example. good feelings.
Probably citrine.
I mean. it's basically
sunshine and rock.
Ok thanks.
Yes. let me know if
you need anything else.
Sunlight and rock.
Becca was doing something
like that at lunch yesterday. yeah.
I can't even hate it.
No. that's what I'm saying.
And then he runs away.
I love this.
Yes. they have been very
popular since we launched them.
You know. everyone wants to make a wish.
So it's not for me... Okay. okay.
don't come back complaining.
Are people complaining?
They're kind of collectibles. so
some people don't open them.
but the people who do. you
know. come back and complain.
Because it's a scam?
Hey buddy. we're not scammers.
No. no. I don't mean you're a
scammer. but why are they complaining?
Because they're crazy?
Because it doesn't work?
Yeah or whatever.
Or it works and
ruins their lives.
Or they die.
I wish they were dead.
We are fine.
Yes. you wrote a review.
This will be very bad.
I know but...
Look. I'm the one who has to go home and
listen to my dad complain about my friends.
I just want you to act
like you're working.
So that's easy for you to say
while you're waiting for tattoo school.
This is art school and
I haven't gotten in yet.
I thought you were into Luther.
No. I said I wanted to go to Luther.
Sorry. I still haven't had a chance.
Good morning my baby.
I just don't want
you to get in trouble.
I know. baby.
I love you.
What are you guys doing?
He's just making fun of me..
I'm looking over there and
these two are just... What the hell?
Hey. can we focus?
This is very serious for me.
Great idea.
Thank you.
What the hell are you doing?
Four shots of tequila. please.
Anything else?
I'll have a pina colada.
Pina colada?
Don't make fun of my drink.
What?
I feel like a man who has gotten
in touch with his feminine side.
Why feminine?
I don't like the taste of alcohol.
Yes. have the juice.
Wow.
Wait. so what was that important
thing on the phone today?
Too much.
I've done some really important things.
Well?
Cleaning..
I did my taxes.
You watch TV all day.
Yeah. that's all I do.
I was also thinking...
Do you have a card for shots?
Yes.
I'll handle it.
Oh. that's good.
Yes.
I said I would handle it..
Let it be on me this time.
Thank you.
You're welcome
Well...
Anyway... I went to the
store... Is it open or closed?
Oh. it's on. baby.
I was just trying to
say... You said you fell...
Sarah just told me that her father
keeps a gun in the safe in the break room.
Wow.
Are you serious?
Very serious.
He should have stated that
or done something similar.
If it is locked. no problem.
Oh my god. I'm so sorry.
You were saying something.
Yeah. what were you saying?
I was just saying... Um. I...
Yeah. just... I'll tell you later.
I went to the store... So you
realize we've all been on a bar crawl.
My god.
Certainly.
To what do we drink?
To Sandy.
Ah.
Ok.
Let's get those buffers going.
Yes I'm looking at you.
Here we go.
Why Sandy?
He died.
What?
Sandy died.
Yes.
Really?
I am really sad.
Ok.
Ah.
We're going to Greedo.
No please. I just want to go home.
Saying no to karaoke?
When I want to go home and sleep. I
say no to bad singers and smelly tables.
Okay. who's going to dance
when I send all the music to Shady?
Who's gonna dance when I
send all the music to Shady?
Wait. Ian.
Let's try doing this.
Fuck this.
Sarah will sing. give me a G.
What is this?
No. Sarah sucks.
Can you just roll?
Take me home.
I just want to go to bed.
I've had a long day.
I don't want to go to the
next damn bar with you.
We can leave it on the road.
I can take you home.
You're a pain in the ass. man.
Thank you.
Fuck this.
I am very tired.
Does anyone have cash?
I think I'm in my twenties.
I will pay it back.
I can't take this..
OK Bear. are you ready?
Good night. friends.
Ok.
Jesus.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Ian. get your daughter home safe.
Uhh. don't say that.
See you later. Bear
Okay Bear. let's get
the hell out of here.
OK. let's go.
To hell with these poor people.
Let's go have fun.
Yes Bear. fuck you.
I'm sorry about your cat. Bear.
OK.
Ok.
Actually it's not like that but...
I don't think it's affected me yet.
You know you can call
me when you're impressed.
I know.
It'll be weird not being
able to see you every day.
I'm not happy either.
So it's just business. Nikki.
Yes. I want to write.
You already are.
No.
Sounds like I need a big change.
I don't feel love and I want to
feel it and bring this story to life.
Ah. it means romantic.
No. this is not romance.
..a love story.
Aren't they the same thing?
You know. you're the only person I
can talk to openly about these issues.
You are like that.
Especially at work.
You are not like a wall.
Don't let me forget.
I...
I bought you something.
What?
You will see.
No.
Why does this make me nervous?
I don't know.
This is a strange reaction.
You know. Sarah is asking
about your old sweatshirt.
How do you feel about this?
Are you asking if I
have feelings for Sarah?
I ask how you feel about
Sarah and if you feel about her.
...if what you feel is being in
love. then that's how you feel.
I love him as a friend.
Oh my god.
The girl is so obvious.
Yes like that.
When I'm in love with
a man. no one knows.
Goodnight.
Nikki. wait.
What?
I was going to ask you...
My thoughts were distracted.
Goodnight.
Hey. remember when I forgot my
mouthguard in Mr. Lando's class?
He was very angry and you
said you had an extra one.
Then you gave me yours. but...
-Bear. Lando liked me.
You're taking risks.
Goodnight.
Good night. Crazy Nikki.
Well. don't call me that.
I know. I was kidding.
You know I don't like it.
I am sad.
I know. I'm sorry.
Do you like me?
What?
Because if you are.
now is the time to tell me.
I... I think we're good friends.
Ok.
Good morning my baby.
Goodnight.
Oh fuck...
Why?
What's happening?
I don't know.
One wish... Maybe if you're
friends. you only get one wish.
I wish Nikki Freeman loved me
more than anyone else in the world.
Translated into Turkish;   ufukbaba
What the hell is going on?  Damn it.
Um... Hey. I just...
And I did it.
Did you say you had
something for me?
Yes.
I left it at home.
Ok.
Um... I can bring it to work tomorrow.
Goodnight.
Maybe you'd like to come in?
So I just lost my cat.
Did you lose your cat?
Oh. wait.
Ah... So. you lost your cat.
I am really sad.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Do you... Should we...
Do you want to come in?
Or...
Nikki?
Are you ok?
Are you okay?
Because of the cat?
Yes.
Yes. I'm fine.
Why don't you come in and we can
have a drink and talk about your cat?
Yes.
I am sad.
Nikki. I'm confused.
I think you're drunk.
No I'm not.
Wait. what's going on?
What's happening?
Are you ok?
I'm acting very strange.
This is so weird.
What the hell is going on?
No!
No. no.
What are you doing?
Come on.
What's happening?
Actually no.
What are you doing?
I know what you're trying to do.
No.
What's happening?
Why are you getting in my car?
Let's go to your house.
Frankly. you scare me.
Oh my God. no.
I've never seen him
act like this before.
What's your problem AQ?
I...
It's pretty awful.
Yes I know.
That's why I think
you should go home.
Let's deal with this issue tomorrow.
I can't do this.
I don't know if I can
be alone right now.
Why?
My father is dying.
Nikki No.
I am really sad.
I took a step towards
my house but I couldn't.
Can we go please?
Where would you like to go?
Ah.
Here it is.
This...
It's bigger than the last place you sat.
Yes.
My grandmother's.
I must continue..
Oh my God.
It smells like you.
What do you want to say?
Does it smell bad?
No.
No. just you.
Very nice.
I loved this place..
Let me know if you need water. a
towel. or I don't know. Advil or anything.
Ok my love?
I'm sorry for acting weird.
No. don't apologize.
There's no need to rush.  Relax.
Is it ok?
Goodnight.
Wait..
Can you sleep with me?
Please?
Please. I'm just going to clear my
head and stare at the ceiling all night.
Please?
Yes.
Subject to.
Are you ok?
Given the circumstances.
God. I needed this.
Really?
Yes.
From where?
I'm really sorry about your cat. Bear.
I think I can keep up with that.
Wait.
What the hell is going on?
Oh my god. I'm so sorry.
You kissed me.
What the hell was this?
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
No. no.
Nikki. what the hell was that?
I don't know. can
we just sleep. sleep?
I am sad.
There's no need to be sorry. just...
Damn. you made me feel like
I did something you didn't like.
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I just thought I saw something.
Oh my god. damn it.
It was a panic attack.
What?
Really?
Yes.
I just...
I'm so sorry.
Ok.
Does a single wish branch really work?
Yes!  My mother. who was
ugly all her life. is now Gorgeous!
What were you doing?
I was just going to the toilet.
Can you sleep with me?
I don't know. Nikki.
Please.
Oh..No.
No. you have to like it.
This is a monument.
I know.
No. this sucks.
I don't know if it sucks or not.
No. it is.
Oh. Nikki.
What?
I don't want to give Karen an excuse. so why
don't you show me the keyboards that don't work...
Don't say Karen.
Isn't he someone who always says no?
No. Carter. you can't say that.
Wow.
Go. go. go..
OK.
What happened?
What happened last night AQ?
It was just a crazy night. dude.
You fucked Nikki. you dog.
-No
-So what did you say?
I couldn't do it. man.
You just walked in together.
Did he fall asleep?
By the way. you need to print your card.
Why are you afraid?
From Sarah?
It's like we're...
Pretend we're laughing.
I think Nikki is going through something weird.
What?
I don't know.
He was acting very strange.
Like what?
Is he okay?
Did he tell you what was wrong?
A little bit. but I think there's more.
So. what is AQ?
I will make you say it..
Don't bring this up and then
don't tell me. you fucking asshole.
His father has cancer.
Really?
That's what he told me.
His father. who was in
Washington and didn't care.
I think it still hurts.
I don't know.
But there seems to be more...
I think he's having a mental
breakdown or something.
He first panicked and then came to his senses.
What's happening?
Are you kidding?
She was crying while kissing me.
You told him how you felt and then...
I didn't say.
What?
I didn't tell him.
He was kissing you...
That's what I'm saying.
How exactly does this make sense?
I don't know. man.
I think he needs serious help.
And was he crying?
Yes. then it went back to normal...
It was terrible.
He was psychotic.
Then he asked me to
hug him and lie down.
-Did you do it?
-No.
He did it anyway.
It was scaring me.
I think he was using Molly again.
I don't think so.
Yeah man.
Sounds like Molly used it.
I?
Go to the doctor.
He's still...
Yes. don't worry.
He's fine.
Calm down.
Hello my baby.
Sarah. honey.
OK. come on guys.
Today is the big day.
Man. I need a
drink after this crap.
It was crazy.
I call it a normal night.
Thank you.
See you later.
Nikki. I don't know if I
can take you home today.
I'm just taking my books.
Ok.
Are you ready?
Yes.
With your permission.
Excuse me.
Will you take it?
Yes. I will take it.
Are you ok?
Trust me.
Goodbye. kids.
See you later.
I looked at three different sites.
Yes.
I think he... Have you talked to him?
Yes. I did.
What did he say?
He's fine.
Everything is fine.
He wasn't looking for you or anything.
He was looking at me.
Maybe.
I was just talking to him.
He was looking at both of us.
It looked like we
were talking about him.
This explains why you
walk towards each other.
Maybe not..
It sounds like you're going to talk to him.
Bear
Hello Bear
Hey.
I needed to shower and
didn't know what to wear.
Why?
I'm really sorry about last night.
No.
Ian told me he was startled.
I guess I'm happy about what happened.
Yes.
I probably shouldn't have bought anything.
So...
I had taken MDMA.
And... It was a waste.
No problem.
I wonder if you...
Something?
Some...
So... So if I'm
weird. that's why.
And my father made me miserable.
So I did things I probably
wouldn't have done.
And I'm not saying he
took advantage of me.
Nikki. I didn't know you did drugs.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm not saying that.
What are you not saying?
That you took advantage of me.
I don't think so... I didn't.
I know. that's why
I say you didn't.
OK. nice.
I just. um... I don't like it...
I really like what we have.
And I want to be honest about some things.
And this is really
important to me...
You know. I understand.
I understand
I know you like me Bear
I... No. I...
Why?  Do you like it?
If I say yes. will that scare you?
How long have you been feeling this way?
It just happened over time.
It started at Christmas and...
I don't know. it just...
Then last night. I saw
what we could do...
Do you have feelings for me?
Yes there is.
Then you leaned over and
whispered: I'll be in your bed.
I'll be in your bed.
Can we not talk about this?
Ok.
So what do you want to do?
So I never actually asked.
Okay. it's not all your fault.
So. it's a little special. I guess.
Do you think?
They told me.
Who?
Ian.
You.
You actually said that to me once.
Did I?
You called me a closed book.
I guess the good thing about a closed book
is that I can read it from the beginning.
You're something like a food writer.
You put ketchup on your steak.
I come in and it's like.
Hey. aren't you a foodie?
And I'll say please. I'm
Photographer David Bailey.
Then they will serve me a four-course
meal. and I will take out my wallet.
And they'll say no. no. no sir.
please let this night be on us.
And I will get paid.
Is this how it happens?
Actually I don't know.
You are my little food critic.
What is your verdict on this bread?
Is this bread?
Ah.
It's a bit stale. but the
butter makes up for it.
Profound.
It costs $100.
We will see.
I am sad.
He calls for the second time.
I'll be right back.
What's up buddy?
I'm busy.
How's it going. Nikki?
What do you want?
OK. so...
What's the matter?
I won't tell Sarah about this because
I don't want to spread the drama.
I researched Nikki's father and
found that he was as healthy as a baby.
The man goes to work every day.
Why would Ian lie?
I don't know. just to attract attention.
I called the hospital he told me about but
they didn't even know who I was talking about.
Look. you know I always
have your back in these matters.
Apparently. Nikki and Sarah talked
about a day when you weren't around and...
...Nikki said she sees you like a
little sister or. you know. like a friend.
And look. this might suck to hear. but I
think you should know because I don't know.
...I think he has some kind of bad intentions
or some weird mental thing going on. man.
Maybe Sarah was jealous and made it up. but even if
you take that out of the equation. it's still weird.
Man. it's like Nikki has turned into a different person
and it's kind of stupid to imagine that with you.
Is everything ok?
Nikki. you...
What?
Nevermind.
I have something for you.
Why?
Well...
What is this?
Open it.
This... this is a tiger's eye.
Wow.
It was my mother's. then it became mine.
This is supposed to bring you
confidence and willpower. so...
...now you can be a food critic.
Why are you giving it to me?
Bear. I love you so so so so so so much.
I don't think I can live without you.
Do you love me more than
anyone else in the world?
Yes. more than anyone else.
Nikki?
Yes?
Does your father really have cancer?
No. no. no.
What?
No. no. no. no. no.
I thought we went on a nice date!
We went out..
What difference would it
make if it wasn't a nice date?
We went out. we went out.
No problem..
We went out.
So why is this important?
It doesn't matter to me.
It was amazing. baby.
Yes.
Nikki?
Go back to sleep..
What are you doing?
You're wearing my sweater.
It smells like you.
Can you go back to bed?
No.
Nikki?
I don't like my dream.
You don't love me
as much as I love you.
As if it wasn't mutual.
No. I love it.
Go back to bed.
Please?
Why don't you love me?
Nikki?
Nikki. where are you?
What?
Nikki. what are you doing?
Nikki?
For Sandy. okay?
Stand straight!
Good morning.
Yes?
Did you cut my hair?
Yes.
Let's not do this.
Ok.
I prepared lunch for you.
Can we talk about last night?
I know.
It was a little weird. wasn't it?
Yes.
I am really sad.
Ok.
Good. because honestly.
it was a little scary.
Oh my god. I'm so sorry.
I had a bad dream and I...
What are you?
How is this?
Great.
Ok.
-Listen. Nikki...
-Come here.
-I guess..
-Come here..
listen
I love you.
I love you too.
-Very. very. very...
-Okay. good.
So can you promise me something?
Yes!
No more weird stuff.
Is it ok?
No more watching me or making
weird movements while I sleep.
Ok.
I promise you that and I'm
very sorry that this happened.
Ok.
So are we okay?
We are fine.
Great.
Ok.
God. I will miss you.
I wish I had come to work today.
No. no. no. enjoy your day off.
Maybe I can stop by?
No. no. he feels right at home.
I love you.
If you have a problem with the
door. maybe you should stay home.
Oh. I got it okay.
Goodbye. Nick.
Why is everyone so right these days?
It's like people are impatient.
It was obvious that I was busy and
they weren't going to stop bothering me.
What is that?
Box joke.
Are you going to Ian's event tonight?
I heard it for the first time.
Well?
Shey what?
I heard what you said to Ian.
What about?
About Nikki.
By being friends with me
I don't know what
Nikki said in the past...
We literally talked about this once.
I think it's weird that you
two suddenly started dating.
It's like a super date.
I don't know. Sarah.
I don't care whatever
game Nikki plays.
I just don't want you to get hurt.
What's your problem with Nikki?
And if Ian's going to spread my
nonsense. you should know that he and I...
Another one came.
God. I'm nervous.
Please God.
You need to go somewhere else.
I know.
You know?
Ok.
Get back to work.
This is what happened to me for
being such a jerk in high school. right?
This...
...was your... last one?
No. there is another one.
Meek.
You can tattoo
me if you like it.
Thanks.
It should be in a small and secret place.
Your mouth smells weird.
Ooops!
God
My little food critic.
What are you doing?
So what's your verdict on the Cat?
What?
What does this mean?
What is your verdict? Cat?
This is so weird.
Bear. what does this mean?
Bear. what is this?
What's your problem AQ?
Bear are you okay?
My god.
Bear. are you okay?
Father.
Bear. what does this mean?
I'm sorry. Joe.
Bear
Hey can you take me home?
Where is your car?
I came with Uber today.
It's a night entrance.
I was going to get some work done.
Anyway. whatever.
Are we going to talk about you and Nikki?
So what?
She came to me and said that Nikki was having
a crazy mental breakdown and needed help.
...you say he should have it and
now you're acting like "No. it's not".
"We are in love. he is very good"
He was using drugs.
Nikki is totally fine.
OK. can you please
explain this for me?
I won't explain this for you..
I don't want to ruin our relationship.
Lies about his father.
I mean. you have to accept that.
Anyway. I heard you're
having a party tonight.
Don't change the subject.
Why didn't you invite us?
Oh. oh. so now you're "We".
So why didn't you invite me?
Don't change the subject.
I won't invite either of you to my house.
From where?
Because it looks like
Nikki is up to something.
And it's like you're taking advantage of the
situation. and I mean that in a friendly way. bro.
I say this in a friendly manner.
I'm on your side.
but this is a bad look.
What do you think this will look like?
Why are you trying to ruin a good thing?
It looks bad. man.
It's unfair. dude.
He's the one who won't leave me alone.
Good morning my baby.
Do you want to come tonight?
I don't know.  maybe
Nikki can't come.
Dude. no.
Boys' night.
I'm sure you can handle this.
I'm going to text Sarah not to come.
and that should be okay. because if the
relationship is healthy and. and not based
on codependency. her father dying. not dying.
...then he should have no problem
with you coming to guys' night.
I agree with this too.
I'm okay with this.
Nikki. I'm so sorry.
You can't cook the cat.
You can't cook the cat. okay?
I'm hanging out with Ian tonight.
I will be home alone.
If you have any problems. please contact (771) 021-4567.
Ok.
Well...
Hello?
Hey.
What's up?
One Wishing Branch?
Yes.
Okay... Okay. so I searched to see
if there was a way to change a wish.
Want to cancel your wish?
No. no. no. no.
It's okay to stay...
I just want to know if I
can change it up a bit.
Sorry. we don't really do this.
If you have any questions
about how wishes work...
So is this a fact?
Yes. this is real.
No. I know...
Is his love real?
Just because you wished for
it doesn't make it any less true.
Ok then I want to cancel.
Are you applying for cancellation?
Yes yes. cancellation request.
We don't actually do this.
What?
You spoke as if I
might make a request.
I was just guessing your intentions. man.
What the hell?
What can I do then?
Actually nothing.
So he's screwed forever?
Yes. that is. as long as you live.
As long as I live?
So. when you die.
this wish will disappear.
Are you sure there's
nothing else I can do?
Yes. that is. as long as you live.
It seems to me that you have a
moral obligation to be with him.
OK. but wait.
He does this thing wherever he wants...
Like crazy...
What is this?
Do you want to talk to him?
What?
With whom?
Who's this?
Nikki.
Fuck!
What happened?
What?
I don't know what to do.
Do you need anything?
-God. I...
-It's okay.
I'm disgusting..
Did you have a seizure or something?
What happened?
I think I ate a bug or
I'm feeling nauseous.
OK. I don't know what to do.
I was just waiting for you to come home.
God. I'm disgusting.
Maybe...
I'm going to take a shower.
Let's go shower. okay?
I will clean it.  I will clean
OK.
I'm going to go shower.
Yes.
And I will clean it.
I promise.
You can...
I'm gonna get clean. baby.
Ok.
Nikki?
We talked about this.
Did you cook the cat?
Nikki. you can't do this.
This situation made me very sad.
Ok sweetie.
Hey. listen. shey...
Ian invited me
to guys' night out.
Ok.
I think I'll go there.
If that's okay with you.
Are you going to a guys night?
Yes.
I can dress to come with you.
Oh man. that sounds great.
Yes. let me finish showering.
Just...
Ian said it was a boys' night out.
That's why I think I'll go alone.
Because Sarah was
telling me she was leaving.
Really?
OK then I'll stay here.
-So. if Sarah's leaving...
-No. no. no.
No. you know what?
I think you should come.
I really want you to come.
I knew you would bring it.
I knew it AQ.
Did he blame you?
He didn't blame me.
Shut up.
You couldn't stay without
it for three fucking hours.
Sarah invited.
What was I supposed to do?
You said you wouldn't invite Sarah.
Sarah didn't do anything wrong.
Doctor Wayne.
Damn.
Hey.
My mom is trying. asshole.
Okay. he's back.
He returned there.
Ooh. someone's here.
Ok.
Choose one to drink at a
time for the next three rounds.
Hey. you're going down with this bullshit. man.
You won't get to choose.
It says so there.
Bear. I want to
sit next to Nikki.
Oh. it's okay. honey.
Oh. no problem.
Hey. it's like Sparrow
spilled his ass on her.
Very true.
Nikki It's your turn.
ok
The air was filled with the
call of a distant nightmare.
His face wasn't visible. but I
knew he was looking at my chest.
Both sides were stretched.
and had reached different sizes.
Then. as the old woman told us when we were
children. come and lie down next to me...
...I said.
He closed the door and leaned on it.
You are not my wife.
...he said.
I am more than your wife.
I am your sister.
He started and reached for the doorknob.
I knew you wouldn't leave this place.
Like so many nights before. he would
give in and choose to be inside me.
Otherwise I would
fillet his meaty forearm.
Everything went like a licorice stick
and there was meat between my legs.
Hansel is my soul.
Only a willow tree branch
could evoke something.
Brother. you will be inside me tonight.
The new book I'm working on.
It's about power.
It's your turn. Joe.
Sluice gets along well with
Bear. so now it's his turn.
Damn it.
Ok.
Kiss the person on your left.
No one in this world will ever understand what it
feels like to love someone as much as I love you.
And everyone in this room will die.
I have never felt the strength
of the bond I feel with my Bear.
Becky.
Are you ok?
I'm just kidding guys.
I am joking.
Come on. it's a joke.
I'm just kidding.
Okay. okay. I'm not kidding.
Get used to it.
Anyone want jello shots?
I'll buy one.
Ok.
Reply!
Answer me!
- Take him to the hospital.
- I am really sad.
Bear?  Get up. asshole!
What are you doing?
I'm just going to the bathroom. Nikki.
Is it ok?
Can I stand outside?
Why did you do this?
I know.
Why did you act like this tonight?
Nikki. you're scaring everyone.
I don't know why I did this.
You're scaring yourself.
I am sad.
Look at your face.
I know Sarah likes you.
This...
This is it...
What?
It was just... Oh fuck...
Everything was normal.
Everything was fine.
You're so... I'm sorry.
I am sad.
Look. you are so beautiful.
And you are normal.
But this... There's a problem with this. Nikki.
Do you like me?
What?
I... I... I...
No.
Do you... Do you like me?
Do you like me at all?
She... She... Is Nikki back?
Does Nikki like me?
Yes.
I'm your Freaky Nikki.
No.
What are you doing?
I'm going to the toilet. Nikki.
Can I do this?
Can you say you love me?
That's all I want.
Mine too.
No it's not.
Yes like that.
Yes it is. Bear.
It was always you.
I want this to work so badly.
No.
No. it can't be.
He can't.
Ok.
Then... You need to go
home for one night and.
...or... And... And... We should
get some distance from each other.
Ok.
Be normal. Nikki.
I can't be Nikki.
Just be Nikki.
I can't do it.
I can't be Nikki.
No.
Don't say that.
I just need you to love me.
Ah.
Well. listen.
Let's say I want
you to act like Nikki.
I'll be... Let me be Nikki.
You're not like Nikki.
I can't be Nikki.
I am sad.
I did not mean that.
I love you.
I am sad.
This is not real.
I love you.
I love you too.
I would never hurt you.
I am sad.
No. Nikki!
You're scaring me!
Why don't you take the bed tonight
And I will sleep again.
I'll be right back in the morning...
Nikki. what are you doing?
If I have the bed all to myself tonight. I'll
lie in it warm until I gradually feel cold.
It's like I walked into a freezer.
My hands will feel like they're full of sand.
like when you put them in the wrong place.
And this feeling will gradually
spread throughout my body.
You're still in my heart. but you're slippery.
Any thought of pain or regret
will slip away like a chemical key.
The room. although already quiet.
somehow becomes even quieter.
It's not painful.
You give up everything
you want to do.
And then there is nothing left.
This is not dark.
No honey.
It is a dark color.
There is nothing.
Nothing.
Or you can stay.
I have to tell you something.
Actually a few things.
I'm in the park.
I can't come
Important
Nikki?
Just write...
If you're not coming. I'm coming.
Bear?
I only take water.
Kill me please.
What?
He is sleeping.
This is mine.
You are you. Nikki.
Please don't wake him up.
Just kill me.
What could be so bad?
What's so bad about being with me?
I was never with you. Bear.
I didn't know you were still doing this.
What did I do?
That he parked on Franklin and calmed down.
No.
I don't really do this anymore.
So what's wrong with Nikki?
He didn't actually tell a lot of
people this. but... his father is dying.
So. you know. it's very...
Isn't he close to her at all?
No. they're close now. so...
...you know. it's painful.
I thought he hated his father.
No. it doesn't.
I really hope you can figure this out.
I mean. it looks pretty awful.
I also don't think it's right
for him to lean on you.
-Especially him and..
-That's why I'm there.
No. but it's not your
responsibility. Bear.
He needs therapy.
This is not true.
And I think it's problematic
that he's taking advantage of you.
I don't think he's taking advantage of me.
Hey. me too...
I received my letter.
The letter from Luther?
Yes. my last chance.
I thought we could open it together.
Damn it.
Maybe my dad will let me tattoo his successful
daughter where her hairline should start.
Can I pay you for this?
We can send him to sleep
I have sleeping pills in my pocket.
We can literally take flight.
-Do you want to open this thing. or...?
-I need to tell you some things.
What?
I promised Ian I wouldn't tell you.
Tell me what?
Bear. Ian and Nikki have been having
sex on and off for about two years.
It's not super casual and romantic.
He thinks you're dating
him to get revenge on him.
But even if it wasn't.
it's a shame. you know?
I think you need someone calmer.
Like you.
Well...
So I was on your left.
What?
In the game.
Ah.
I was to your left.
You were supposed to kiss me.
Turkish subtitles;   ufukbaba
I'm so sorry you had to see this.
baby. but it's kind of your fault.
Don't forget that you wished
for this. but I'm so glad you did.
I'm so glad you did this. baby.
No.
No. no. no. no. no.
Ah.
Honey. breathe. breathe.
Ok.
It's okay. honey.
I have you.
We need each other.
But you'll have to help
me get rid of his body.
No.
Yes yes honey.
Honey. I know.
I know. I know. I know. I know.
Listen.
This is all your fault.
Sarah. it's your fault.
You wished for this.
You wished.
But baby. we can fix this.
The two of us will fix it.
I'm not going anywhere.
He's ready baby.
Why don't you go home?
It's up to me from now on.
No!
Excuse me.
Where are the single wish branches?
Willow branches.
What?
It looks like this but you make
a wish and break the branch.
They were right there.
They were there in the corner.
Single wish branches!
What is the single wish branch?
First of all. sir. don't
come here with this.
It's still too early.
Second. I'm kidding.
They're right here.
Yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
You made a bad wish
and now you want to fix it.
But you can't come here
with this energy. man.
Did you call the number on the back?
What's your problem?
I am sad.
Is it mine?
How can you sell this to people?
The box was full of warnings. man.
Fuck you!
You fuck off. man!
Don't attack here with that energy. my friend.
I am sad.
But no one would buy it.
Damn it.
Oh my god.
What did you do?
I am sad.
He was obsessed with me.
Ah.
It's not that bad.
No. something bad happened.
I am sad.
I need to reverse this.
No.
No. no. no. no.
I need to reverse this.
You can make a wish.
I have already used my wish.
Please.
What should I do now AQ?
Maybe. just maybe. if someone else has made a wish that
conflicts with your wish. well maybe you can ask them.
Since this is
yours. he can do it.
Or you can die.
So you can kill yourself.
Love is just friendship.
Ian?
I texted you 50 times.
Oh my God. Bear. what happened?
You know how Nikki
suddenly. suddenly. dammit.
Is it good?
Yes but...
Why did you start texting. man?
He wants me to come to his house.
He's texting you over and over
again. like all this weird stuff.
Damn it.
What's going on?
Damn.
Is it you?
Is it you. okay?
Don't come there.
Bear. Bear. tell
me what's going on!
Fuck. okay. okay. okay.
Nikki suddenly
took a liking to me.
All of a sudden. then he started acting weird.
Yes or No?
Bear. what are you going
to tell me now. buddy?
Is he okay?
I. I made a wish.
I broke this branch.
At first I didn't think
this was real. okay?
I was confused. but it was real.
This is real.
Okay. okay. okay.
You can make a wish and you can
make a wish. it is real and it will work.
I made a wish.
I didn't think it would work.
I wished that Nikki would
love me. but it worked.
Think about it. man.
Think about how
you've been acting lately.
Just think how much he's changed.
What. where did you take him?
Something like a psychic?
What?
What did you do. a fucking program?
No. no. there's no
fucking schedule. Ian.
I don't know. it's
some goddamn spell.
Is this a joke to you?
No. this is real.
This?
Yes. be careful.
Yes. this is real.
This is real. Ian.
I made a wish and it's scary.
Then make another wish. my friend.
You can't. because
you only have one wish.
You can only wish
for one. okay. yes.
Logical.
A wish.... but it's reality.
This is real.
So I want you to make a wish.
I want you to wish that I
never made a wish. okay?
Then you can be with Nikki.
Oh. oh. I mean. that's
what you're talking about?
I don't care about that. man.
I was going to tell you.
Seriously. open the box and
then pay attention to how you say it.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. dude. stop.
Okay. you need to say
this;  My friend Bear...
I wish for a billion dollars.
No!
Nikki. you'd do anything
for me. wouldn't you?
No!
I need you to do something for me.
No. I can't. you!
My god!
Oh my god. I don't want to eat that.
Yes. open the door.
I've got a billion
dollars. man. that's real.
No. no!
Yes. what's going on?
I don't want to see Bear.
No...
I'll rip my eyes out of your skull and shove
the barrel of my pussy back into your ass!
I love you.
I love you. I love you!
You are dead.
Oh. I knew you were dead.
I love you so much baby.
You owe this to me.
It's okay baby.
we'll get this done.
I will make this work.
You should.
I will. baby.
I will do it.
I will handle this.
You should.
I'm sorry about that. dear.
It's okay. son.
I don't know why I did this.
It's okay. honey.
I love you.
I love you very much.
I am sad.
It's okay. baby.
I will be beautiful again.
You are very beautiful.
I know.
You are the most beautiful
girl in the whole world.
Really?
Yes my baby.
We will be together forever.
What?
What's wrong baby?
You nodded.
No. I didn't.
Why did you nod?
I was just thinking we
should freshen up and eat.
Ok.
Let's go.
Come on.
I know you.
No!
Give me a second to freshen up.
I love you.
I am sad.
No!
Baby. give me a second
I love you.
I love you very much.
Bear. what are you doing?
I love you.
Nothing.
Thank you.
I love you.
Damn it!
I was thinking. hey baby.
maybe we should break up.
Damn it.
Did you hear me?
If that's what we need. then do it!
Everything will be fine♥
Have you heard of this?
We can reserve space for ourselves!
Reserve space!
No!
What have you done?